FWSyslog
===========

Syslog broadcast recorder for 2-Wire 3800HGV-B gateways.

About
--------------
This is a pretty straight forward, no frills attached Windows service created primarily as a development learning experience.  The service monitors a specified UPD port for Syslog messages, parses them, and finally stores them in an MSSQL database.  Since this service was written with the 3800HGV-B gateway in mind, and since that device's Syslog messages deviate from standards, this logger will likely not work with properly formatted Syslog messages.

Installation / Configuration
--------------
This service does not have an installer, however it can be set up and configured manually with a couple of steps.  These steps assume the .NET 4.0 client framework and SQL Server 2008 R2 are already installed and properly configured.

- Open query "\MSSQL\01 - Create database objects.sql" in SSMS.
- In the User Account Setup section at the end of the query, provide a password to be used for the service account generated by the query, then execute the query.
- Open query "\MSSQL\01 - Populate default data.sql" in SSMS and execute the query.
- Copy FWSyslog.exe and FWSyslog.exe.config to the folder the service should be run from.
- Edit the FWSyslog.exe.config and update the L1DatabaseConnection connectionString.  Be sure to use the same password as that used in the first query above.  If you're not using the default port of 514, update that setting here.
- Copy the batch files from \Batch to the service's installation folder, then run both (order doesn't matter.)
- Start the service from the Services manager or by restarting the machine.
